Royalty-Free Images License Agreement

This license agreement ("Agreement") is between the purchaser of the images
("Licensee") and the copyright holder of the images ("Licensor"). By purchasing
and downloading the images, the Licensee agrees to the following terms:

1. Grant of License. The Licensor grants to the Licensee a non-exclusive, 
non-transferable, worldwide right to use, reproduce, and display the images, 
in whole or in part, in any medium now known or later developed, for any 
lawful purpose, including, but not limited to, advertising, promotional 
materials, packaging, and online or electronic publications.

2. Restrictions. The Licensee may not:

 - resell, redistribute, or sublicense the images without the prior written 
   consent of the Licensor;
 - claim any ownership rights to the images;

3. Copyright. The images are protected by copyright and remains the property 
of the Licensor. The Licensee does not acquire any copyright or other 
intellectual property rights in the images, except for the rights expressly 
granted in this Agreement.

4. Warranty and Liability. The Licensor warrants that it has the right to 
grant the license set forth in this Agreement and that the use of the images 
in accordance with this Agreement will not infringe the rights of any third 
party. The Licensor shall not be liable for any damages arising out of any 
breach of this warranty.

5. Termination. This Agreement will terminate automatically without notice 
from the Licensor if the Licensee breaches any of the terms of this Agreement. 
Upon termination, the Licensee must immediately stop using the images and 
delete or destroy any copies of the images in its possession.

6. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between 
the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether 
oral or written. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in 
writing signed by both parties.

7. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United 
States and any applicable federal laws of United States.

8. Royalty-Free. The Licensee is granted the right to use the images without 
the obligation to pay royalties to the Licensor.